Introduction:-
Arav:Good Morning everyone.
Arav:My name is Arav.
Zaid:I am Zaid
Devang:And I am Devang.
Arav:With the help of our operator Daksh. We have made the game K.B.C taking the inspiration from one of India's Famous show Kaun Banega Crorepati. KBC is a game in which you have to answer the questions,and climb up the prize ladder but wait wait wait there is a twist that you will win absolutely no money.
Devang:Because we are not sponsored by Adani or Ambani
Arav:So, play for fun, not for funds!"
Zaid: "This code runs the game with questions, options, and lifelines like 50-50 which removes two incorrect options, Phone-a-Friend which gives you mostly correct answer but can be wrong also like our decisions sometimes, and Skip which is used to jump to the next question. Answer correctly, and you’ll hear claps. If you get it wrong, well, the game gently shows you the door—but with style!"
Devang: "Oh, and there’s a robot voice that reads out the questions, like a low-budget Amitabh Bachchan. It’s here to make sure you feel like you’re in the hot seat."
Arav: "The questions start easy, then get harder. We even added some random fun, like your friend giving you the wrong answer on the Phone-a-Friend lifeline. Classic, right?"
Zaid: "So, sharpen your brains and get ready to play. Just remember—no crores, only cheers! Enjoy the game, learn something new, and laugh along the way."
Arav:Now we request our operator to start the game.
Devang: "Let’s start! The real prize is proving how smart you are. And hey, no pressure—because we can’t afford any!"
(Displaying the program) 
(Program ends*)
Body:-
Arav:Let us get to the source code of the program.

ln no.1-4
Arav:Our game is developed in python language and we have used packages like tkinter,playsound,random,pyttsx3 in our program.
Arav:Tkinter is used to make the gui of the game
Arav:playsound is used to play audio files used in the game
Arav:random is used to randomly select 16 question
Arav:pyttsx3 is used to convert text into speech 

ln no 215-221
Devang: This line will store the images of highlighted options and the amount images 

ln no.205-208
Devang:The select_question function will randomly generate 16 indexes from the total list of questions and store it in the question data variable

ln no.228-234
Devang:This part of the code will determine which option is selected by the user

ln no.237-239
Devang:This part of the funtion will highlight the selected option to yellow

ln no.240-258
Devang: This part of the funtion will change the question options and the prize for the next question if the answer is correct or the option was wrong display the won prize

ln no.333
Devang: change bg funtion will highlight the option selected

ln no.266
Devang: This function handles PhoneAFriend lifeline,if player uses this lifeline,the bot will tell the answer with the probability of
70% right answer and 30% wrong answer and then updates It’s image. to prevent reusing of this lifeline,PhoneAFriend used variable is set 
to true

ln no.282
Devang: Skip lifeline is used to jump to the next question if there are more level and then updates It’s image.Again,to prevent using of this
 lifeline by the player,skip used variable is set to true.

ln no.301
Devang: lifeline_50_50 Removes two incorrect options and then updates it's image.Here aslo the same logic goes, to prevent reuse of this
lifeline,lifeline50 variable is set to true.

ln no.330
Devang: giveup is a button in our game which Ends the game, displaying winnings up to which level the player has solved.

ln no.356
Devang: The display winnings funtion will display the imaginary prise money that you have won by takeing 2 parameter index of question and boolian for if the question was correct 

ln no.470-473
Devang:This part of the code will create the background image of the starting scene

ln no.475-478
Devang:This part of the code will create the play button to start up the game 

Conclusion:-
Arav:Coming to the end we hope you all enjoyed the program that was designed to offer a fun and interactive quiz experience with such an enormous budget.
Zaid:And that's it. No crores, no cash just fun and laughs. Play again for glory, not for money, cause we are broke too!
Arav:Thanking you.We hope that you all liked our game.
